+++
title = "Using social media to characterize urban mobility patterns: State-of-the-art survey and case-study"
date = "2017-06-01"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.

authors = ["**Matteo Manca**", "LudovicoBoratto", "Victor Morell Roman" , "Oriol Martori Gallissà", "Andreas Kaltenbrunner"]


# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["2"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "*Online Social Networks and Media*: Volume 1, June 2017, Pages 56-69"
publication_short = "OSNM"


# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "The knowledge of the urban mobility is a crucial aspect for city planners and administrators. The huge amount of geo-spatial data, generated by the combination of social media systems and the wide use of smart devices, is creating new challenges and opportunities to satisfy this thirst of knowledge. In this work, we explore how social media data can be used to infer knowledge about urban dynamics and mobility patterns in a urban area. Specifically, in order to highlight the main advantages, limitations, and open issues, we focus on mobility patterns by presenting a survey of the state of the art and a case-study based on the city of Barcelona."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#projects = ["example-external-project"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = ""
url_project = ""
url_slides = ""
url_video = ""
url_poster = ""
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
[[url_custom]]
name = "Journal"
url = "https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S2468696416300088"

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true
  
# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
#image = ""
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++


